# 🐾 Functionality and Features

## Footprint Prep

Footprint completes the data cleanup as well as integration. Users can get more data faster to drive data updates through community proposals.

## Footprint Online

Footprint provides access to multi-platform, multi-chain, and multi-project data. Users can enjoy second-to-second analysis responses.

## Footprint API

1. Project parties or community volunteers do not need to duplicate data analysis tools.
2. Footprint helps projects build a foundation of trust in people and data.
3. Strengthen the community's culture of learning, sharing and collaboration to build a data-driven community, supporting the growth of projects.

## Footprint Analytics

1. Footprint converts difficult-to-understand raw tables into on-chain data visualizations without writing any SQL or a single line of code. Simply click to add a new chart and start enjoying drag-and-drop analytics.
2. With an interactive drag-and-drop approach to analysis, Footprint allows anyone to get started with blockchain analytics quickly; the intuitive interface provides unlimited data clues that encourage curiosity, creativity and data-driven decision making.
3. Users can find the dashboard they need based on role, topic and question type. Footprint supports forking any open analytics table on the platform with one click, helping you create and manage your personalized dashboard easily.
4. You can quickly replicate and find new inspiration for your analysis through saved visualization best practices developed by other users.
5. Rich and diverse data tables allow users to interpret the stories behind the data.
6. Users can perform personalized analysis and insert their data sources on top of the existing charts with a single click, discovering trends and patterns. &#x20;

## Footprint Insights

1. Footprint tracks and tags each wallet address exchange, allowing users to see which address is accumulating or selling specific tokens and how much profit is being generated by a particular token or portfolio. The platform's metrics on token usage, engagement and liquidity can help you make informed decisions before and after investing in new tokens.
2. Users can preview and interpret the complete picture of their assets with one click, quickly understand star address returns and investment behavior and strategies, and use a richer, meaningful library of tags for deeper analysis.

## Footprint Public

1. Footprint supports sharing data tables and dashboards with your partners or social channels.
2. Get help in the Footprint community built for and by users. Many active, diverse, and highly engaged members inspire and support each other through community forums. Footprint hosts a  worldwide community of users built on sharing insights and driving the platform forward.
